Even around for a long time. Can I tell you why I don't use it? Why I just don't like the name
I really just don't like the name. That's it. That's funny
You make your own LUTs? Well, what did you do? I just used the the Sony
official LUT for my camera. But does that like just work with your lighting and your background
and like it it's all fine? Yeah, it's made so you you basically like
you take a gray card and you expose to 44% or whatever and it's based off that. It's SLOG 3.
I right that's basically roughly what I did when I made it myself. Yeah, but you just like
did you use like DaVinci or something? Yeah, exactly. And then you saved the LUT. Yeah,
interesting. I am still shaking from an hour ago getting in the cold plunge hour and a half ago.
I have never gotten warm today. It's like I've just been cold all day. Is it because it's cold
outside? It's below freezing. It's 31 degrees outside. That doesn't help. It was the worst
experience I've had in a cold plunge yet. But by that, I mean the best experience because I feel
better than ever. I'm just shaking. Yeah, I'm like, I hear it. It's so bad. It's like I started
cold like I've been up a long time. We're doing some stuff maintenance production stuff in an
open night. And when you're like, do you, if you work early and more, do you ever work? You work
pretty early, don't you? Yeah. Do your hands get cold? Like I get everything gets really cold
after a few hours. So I used to always have this problem of like my hands were always cold all the
time. Yeah. But then I just move somewhere where I don't get cold. I was like, what's the trick?
Oh, move to Miami. Yeah. Well, the other thing is I've never been colder anywhere than indoors in
Miami because people love to just crank up the AC to point where it's like indoors here. It gets
like crazy cold. So when we were like staying at Liz's parents house while we're figuring out where
to live, somehow, no matter where I was, there was an AC blowing like onto me. So yeah, my hands
was freeze like working in the office air because I used to be blowing right in my hands. And yeah,
I don't like it. I appreciate that about Miami and South Florida in general that you guys embrace
the air conditioning. There's there's tropical climates where people don't like Hawaii. I'm
more like that. I don't know. I feel like the AC is overdone. Oh, really? Oh, man. Yeah. I don't
I don't enjoy a hot climate without air conditioning. Yeah. I mean, that's that's most people I think,
but I think like a like a fan and like a breeze that's like enough for me for the most part, but
yeah. I mean, don't get me wrong. I appreciate the AC, especially when I'm like coming back
inside after being hot, but yeah, it's just like it's freezing here inside sometimes. I might need
to get a heavy. I'm so cold. Go. Go do it. Do it. I think I really have my arms crossed. I feel like
you might like go into shock or something. Something. I actually this morning after I got out my
my hand had like little bumps on it and they were my veins, but they were like in balls,
like little BBs. It was weird looking like my blood froze or something. I'm going to get a hoodie.
Yeah. Go do that. Hey, I have a question. Yeah. Why do people hate a roar serverless V2?
Are you sure this cold one is good for you? Because you do not sound good in any way.
That was just like food that got caught in my throat. I see. As I started to speak.
Okay, your question. Yeah. So I don't I don't remember why, but I felt like I was supposed to
not like a roar serverless. And I looked at it. And for our needs, it made sense. And we switched to
it. And it's good. I don't be one or V2. V2. Okay. Yeah. So there's like a whole cascading list of
reasons. I think one is that when you think of our serverless, like they threw this word
serverless in there. It's just like more aggressive auto scaling postgres. Like you can't really do
it in a serverless way. So it's not like the same as Dynamo. It's snappy. Like it is snappy with the
way it scales up and down with the ACUs. Like it's not like, Oh, you started getting a bunch of
traffic in a minute and a half. You'll have another instance deployed. It's like, it's pretty opaque
or abstract. Like you just set them in max and it just glides around. So V1 was a lot slower. It would
like it would scale up, but then it wouldn't scale down for like an hour. So if you got like a spike
for like 20 minutes, you're so paying for the whole hour. So it wasn't like the most responsive
thing, especially for people coming from Dynamo where it's like completely opaque. But then the
other issue is a stupid V1 V2 split. Like they launched the V1 version of Aurora. And now there's
a V2. And in your head, you're like, Oh, that means V2 is what we should all be moving to because
that's the next version. They're going to like kill V1. Yeah, that's not how V1 and V2 works
at AWS. No, it's it's like completely two different approaches to the same problem. And they just
named them V1 and V2. And I would love to use V2 API gateway. Yeah, API gave us another classic
example. I would love to use V2, except that it doesn't support data API, which is one of the best
things they did with serverless V1. But you don't need to have CB connections to all HTTP based.
This isn't like super obvious. Why is this good? So one obviously gets rid of the need for like
connection pullers, RDS proxy, all that like it's it's very simple. The other case that
you have to be under certain conditions running to so you might not have run into this. But
when your function is done executing, it gets frozen. It gets frozen. And from its point of
view, like no time is passing where your function, like when your lambda function is done executing,
it's going to get frozen for a while and kept around so it can handle the next invocation pretty
quickly. But if you have an open TCP connection, that's like frozen. The other thing at the end,
other end of that connection, the database might look at it and be like, this connection is not
being used when terminated. But then when your container gets unfrozen, it thinks it's so connected
and you might have like weird like connection reset error. Okay. So I have not run into that,
but it's been like a few hours. You're not going you probably aren't going to run into it because
your functions are probably always busy. So the next request comes in like immediately after it's done.
But if you're in this like middle zone, where like you get enough traffic to keep the function
warm, but not enough so that like there's so like these like long gaps of being frozen,
like several minutes, whatever, you're going to get these weird because you can't resume a TCP
connection as though nothing has changed because something on the other end can decide to stop
in getting. So it's not it's fine in a lot of cases, but like the data API is kind of necessary.
That's why you see all these other database providers like PlanetScale has their own HTTP
base API like neon came out with their own HTTP base one. Yeah, I think there's might be WebSocket
base, but yeah, they just support these more stateless ways of communicating. And I want a V2
had that API. We're all good. We're all going to move to V2. I'm using RDS proxy in front of it.
Yeah, but I mean, it's going to have that same problem. Oh, okay. Yeah. You but like I said,
you might not because your functions might be like super busy. Yeah. But you're going to
probably once in a while, see this like connection reset error. It's not the biggest deal, but
it just indicative of why the underlying system like doesn't line up well.
Okay. Well, I'm going to be checking invocation logs because I don't know if we're handling that,
like if that happens. Yeah, I mean, the recursors error, and then I don't know what it's serving.
So it might, okay, the user might just retry or whatever. Yeah. Well, we were going from classic
RDS Postgres. Yeah. And so it's our first jump into Aurora. Obviously, like Dynamo is great.
I love building stuff with Dynamo. This was built nine years ago, and we weren't going to
port it to Dynamo. But we did move to Aurora, and we decided to do serverless. And so far,
it just seems a lot better. I think we're going to save money because our traffic is so like
time of day dependent, like the evenings, we get these crazy amounts of traffic and stuff like that.
Yeah, exactly. So I do think like it's going to scale up quite a bit then. And we were having
issues. The reason we moved to Aurora is that we were pegging out our current instance size,
and we just had been previously scaling up. And I just thought like, maybe it's time to make the leap.
So far so good. Yeah, I mean, it makes sense to me, it almost feels like that should just be the
default, like is it just as the same as normal Aurora, but can scale up and down fast. Like,
why wouldn't you want that? Why choose a cluster size? Like, we were not using most of it all the
time. And then we were sized such that we could handle that peak at the end of the day, and last
for like an hour. And then we're just using, we just have this idle box. That's the case for
serverless, isn't it? Yeah, the over provisioning. Yeah, you don't want to be over provisioned.
Yeah, like, I think my issue really is overall, there isn't like a killer,
serverless Lambda function plus relational database set up on AWS. Yeah, I think like you
guys are already in a VPC. So it's not like you started to adopt a VPC for it. So that was a big
deal. But yeah, now for the average person, they now need to like put their lambdas in a VPC. And
there's a lot of stuff like that. So yeah, I would let if the data API came to V2,
then I would like no problem. No hesitation recommend. Here's like a good
Yeah, already I set up right now whenever people ask me like, what should I want to use a relational
database? Like, what should I do? I actually usually tell them like consider going outside of AWS.
Yeah, planet skills. Great. I mean, I love planet skill.
But if they had a data API, then I can like kind of comfortably say that you're still going to have
a pretty, pretty good experience. But yeah, there's no, like, I don't understand why they
lost it and why there's no signal on whether they're going to add it back. Like I've seen some
discussions and it's always some vague thing like, Oh, yeah, like we're looking into this. But
maybe maybe pre-invent, maybe reinvent. Who knows? What is up with pre-invent? I haven't heard
anything. Is there not been any mumbling? Are they just holding it all for re-invent this year?
Maybe there isn't as much. Well, I was gonna say maybe 15 years in or whatever it's been for AWS.
Maybe there's so little big announcements that they're just like, you know what,
let's save it all for the conference. That's going to happen eventually, right? They can't
continually just have like, overloads of information every year. Yeah, but at least last year, I got
a bunch of leaks. I got every one of the leaks this year. I guess I have some leaks. Look at me
not sharing them with you. I see. I see. Well, I don't need to tell me the details. Is there
anything that I would be excited by in your leaks? To be honest, no. I'm not excited about it.
There's some stuff. I mean, there's some stuff that once I see more than just,
I haven't joined any of the calls. Like the heroes have these NDA calls where we get
briefed by the product teams ahead of re-invent. I haven't joined any of them. I've just read the
like announcement for the call and in those little announcements, they'll be like bullet points.
So I've gotten very little information from that. There are a couple of them that,
depending on how it all really turns out, it could be interesting. But yeah, nothing like
major. There's no like land going to one millisecond billing or, you know, that kind of stuff.
Yeah. Kind of seeing anything like that. Well, okay. I do feel like I've heard
murmurings of big changes in lambda. So I'm still kind of hoping for that. Like,
I don't imagine that would be a pre-invent thing. I think that would be the conference thing.
Yeah. Yeah. We'll see. Yeah. But I haven't heard anything. That said, I don't even know
what I want. Like, I don't even know what I'm imagining. Like that there's just the classic
things of like search, serverless search. Like, where is that? But besides that, I don't know.
So is open search. So I'm going to be looking at this pretty soon. Open search serverless is bad.
I just remember all the services that came out as serverless, and they weren't very serverless.
It's a classic thing where if you have to put a label on it, it's not the thing. Yeah, social
science. And this is the same case. And anything that has a word serverless in it, it's, it's not
serverless. Like they don't call it lambda serverless. You know, right? That's true. Or like dynamo
serverless, rescue serverless. Yeah. Yeah. Open search is, it's the same thing. It's the same
thing as that's actually the exact same thing as already a situation. Except the floor is crazy
high. The floor is like 800 bucks a month or something. Okay. I get it with search. Like search is
anything that isn't like designed from day one to be serverless is hard to make serverless.
That's why it's hard to make a relational database serverless. You're in plant scale. Like you very
quickly switch back to having like instant sizes there. Yeah. So and search is like, especially that
way because it's so heavy and all that. So I get it. But at the same time, Algolia exists,
type sense exists. I think type sense is actually instance based, but Algolia is not. And Amazon's
scale. I feel like they can effectively make anything seem serverless, even if it's hard just
through like pricing tricks. Yep. So yeah, I don't know. That's the one big thing that's missing.
So you guys are looking for search stuff. We already use, we use the last search. I think we
use like a hosted elastic dot co, like the actual company, but we're going to move it in-house. I'm
pretty sure to AWS and to open probably is probably yeah, I think so. And we may not do the serverless
thing, but I don't know, just there's an option. It seems better than the traditional.
Yeah. I'm remembering the Chris Moon's tweet where he was like, serverless is dead. He was like,
that was like the catchy phrase. But what he said was that- You keep calling Chris Moon's.
That's like you're never doing that. Are you? Well, I forgot what it was. We haven't said his name
in so long. It's M-U-N-N-S, which- MUNS is MUNS. That's what I said, isn't it? I feel like I said
MUNS and you were like, you're going to keep calling him Chris Moon's. We can go to the playback.
Well, no, let's not do that. Let's not do that. I believe you. Let me get my little recording
device here. It says, oh, yeah. No. What he said was that like every company actually has a VPC,
anybody building a serverless, it's like this mishmash of some of it serverless, some of it,
but they all have VPCs. At the time, I remember scoffing. When I look at my situation, it's like,
oh, yeah, no, we have this mixmash of all kinds of stuff. Not all of it's purely serverless stuff.
But you have a VPC because AWS requires you to have a VPC. It's like a circular thing.
Well, yeah. Everybody has a VPC. Sure.
We have a default VPC. Did you delete it? Yeah. Oh, for real. That's awesome.
We have nothing deployed in VPCs.
Well, I figured you didn't have anything deployed in it, but everyone gets one in their account.
Yeah, I hate it. It's supposedly deleted and I hated it. You got rid of that thing.
But okay, so you have nothing deployed in VPC. I guess like we started with just like EC2
applications and a database nine years ago. And it made sense. Like we just, it's all in a VPC.
Yeah. Once you have a VPC, you're never getting rid of that VPC. Like, I can't imagine that we
ever just get rid of everything that's running in our VPC. I guess we could.
It just comes down to if people had the option to use one and to not use one, everyone's going
to pick to not use one. And that's, to me, it's that is simple. So yeah, of course, a lot of people
use VPCs and will continue to do so because they have stuff that was forced into a VPC and they're
not going to be able to move it or change it. But yeah, moving forward, the more stuff that's not
VPC required, the better. Yeah, I'm trying to think of like what, what we have to have a VPC for.
I guess like if we were using, well, if the data API existed and we didn't have to connect to
our database through a VPC. I don't want a day API doesn't need a VPC. That's a big
reason. Yeah. So that that'd be great. If we had that, then we could continue on with Aurora.
And then presumably, well, no, I mean, like our, some of our services are just like long living,
like, I mean, one's a.net app that runs an ECS. It's going to have to have a VPC, right? You can't
run like Fargate services without a VPC. Yeah, Fargate has to be in a VPC. Yeah. So like those
apps, I guess we don't all of our workloads can't just run as like land. Well, they could. I mean,
architecturally, there's no reason they couldn't just like we can't, we're not going to be right.
You know, switch it. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. I mean, it makes sense for existing applications
that are like hybrid of the two. Oh, yeah. The other thing is like the reality of why VPCs are
required. I don't know why they're not just straightforward about this, because if you look
at something like, what's their memory? Like a Redis equivalent? A last to cash?
A last to cash. Okay. So to deploy a last to cash, it needs to be in a VPC, which is why I never
use it. Like I like just make a do without like a Redis equivalent. I just put it in Dynamo. And
yeah, that's usually good enough. And if I need more, I go to upstairs. The question is, why is it
not? Like, why does it require a VPC? It's because with services like that, you need to build
centralized authentication somehow, right? Like, how do you do I am off over Redis protocol? You
have to like invent a way to do that or Redis protocol. They don't want to do that, or maybe
it's too hard, or maybe it's impossible. So they show it in a VPC and say, okay, your VPC itself
does a centralized auth. Yeah, then everything in there can just not have that. So there's only
some services they've been able to bring that to, right? They've been able to bring it to Dynamo.
They've been able to bring it to the API. I think they can do it for everything. S3, right?
S3, yeah. The ones that were built from scratch.
Yes. Secrets manager.
How do you build from scratch at AWS? We'll have it.
Yeah. But same with the open search. It's just like, it needs to work over whatever
logic search. I mean, that's just HTTP. So I feel like that one could be done. But
the other side is, other companies have done it. Like UpSash gives you like an HTTP-based API for
Redis. And they manage to move the auth somewhere else. But yeah, VPC was just a nice way to be like,
we don't have to worry about it, throw it in there, and centralized auth just works.
So if I were building a new app, let's say I could build something from scratch today,
and it would immediately have lots of users. And I use like API gateway, lambda functions,
and Dynamo. All of that stuff is just communicating over the internet. But it's over like Amazon's
smart enough to know it's all within Amazon data centers. But is there like a billing
implication? I should know the answers to this.
No. So if it's within the same availability zone, it is there is no billing implication.
What availability zone? But if I'm using all these public services, the general rule is if it's
within an availability zone, it's not going to cost you. So when you use these services
abstract away, the constant availability zone, that's handled for you.
Oh, they put it in the same bill. But he's on like, if I'm calling Dynamo from a lambda function,
yeah, they just they it does it from within the same ability zone. So there's no.
Yeah, exactly. Cross region.
Bandit just cross region. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. So that's like a little, I think a lot of paying a lot when they
don't use a managed services, because like they don't think about those things and they have
traffic going across availability zones by accident. Yeah. So yeah, the public internet thing also
confused me for a bit. But yeah, it like gets routed correctly or like routed efficiently.
Yeah, it all stays. It's not like it literally goes out to some outside the data center
DNS resolver and like, Oh, oops, come back.
Yeah, come back.
Okay. So they do smart things. But I guess like, is there any security
implication? Like, is there any, is it less secure to build that than to build a bunch of
stuff living in a private subnet? I think that I think people get confused with this. So I think,
and it shows up a lot when you're like going through compliance when when they hear that you
don't have a VPC, they're like, Whoa, like, that's not safe. Whoa. Yeah. But then remember,
the point of a VPC is to like do central centralized auth, which a VPC does with like
in like a really crude way. Whereas these more purpose built services, they do centralized
auth through IM. And that's no more or no less secure than doing it through a VPC.
Hang on. I want to dig at that a little bit. So when you say the purpose of the VPC is to
handle centralized auth, you just mean like, I mean, because the purpose is to create like a
virtual network that can be private and isolated at the network level, right? Like,
it's all done in software. It's not any. It's software, but it's like software, uh, network
components. Like they've literally created like software routers, right? That are,
they were revolutionary, but like it's not, I don't know. Now I'm just selling it. Uh,
like it's, it's ultimately like you have a private physical network. You have network isolation,
whereas, uh, with IM, it's still, it's not like you don't have network isolation, right?
Yeah, no, it's implemented a different layer of the protocol. But if you think about what the
software router is doing, there's just some rule somewhere saying if you receive a packet
meant for this destination from the source, make sure it's allowed to go through.
If it's not, I guess that's what you're saying. So it's just a rule implemented somewhere. So
yes, it's like a, a lower level of the TCP IP, whatever that stack is. Whatever the OSI
whole thing. Yeah, whatever, whatever. We just mentioned all of that stuff.
Uh, it's funny. Yeah. So it's, it's, it is the same thing. The same rules are implemented just
at a different part of the stack. And I would argue in some ways, it's more precise because
a network rule can't be super precise. It can't say like, uh, this is allowed, but only like,
read, read commands from Dynamo, but you can't implement that at that low, right? Right. So to me,
at worst, it's equivalent at worst. It's equivalent. Um, and I think it's better because in practice,
you're more likely to get, I am right than to get like VPC routing rules, right? Yeah,
no, that makes sense. Uh, just managing a VPC is so hard. Like it's because there's not like one
unified view of it and AWS. It's like, I'm going to click on the subnets page. Now I'm going to go
to the route tables page and like everything in isolation means nothing. Like I don't know the
idea of my route table. That doesn't help me when I'm trying to find it in a list. Like,
it's just the whole navigation that's in the VPC console is, is weird. I have a tough time holding
the concepts in my head because there's like so many places where you secure things. There's like
the routing, but there's also security group. And I'm always like, wait, what does security
do for group? Because it's like one is for the destination ones for the source. Like it's, yeah,
it is very hard. And I'm glad that I have not to like really think about this in a long time.
Because back in the day, there's like the first thing you did whenever you started a new project,
you went and like, oh, yeah, set up all figured your VPC correctly. Yeah. I mean,
now it's like a one minor CDK thing, but right. Yeah. It used to be like thinking about IP address
allocation. Yeah, I know. That's funny. Like, what's your cider mask going to be? Yeah. I never
learned that by the way. Yeah. Did you ever learn how they worked? I did because I took all the certs.
So, you know, there's like tools, cider.xyz actually helps conceptualize it. You don't need to learn
it at this point. Like you made it. I don't. Yeah. I survived. I somehow configured all my
networks all these years without knowing how to do a cider mask. I just know that slash eight means
a lot. I don't understand why it's not. Well, I'm sure it's a good reason, like an efficiency reason,
but just give me like a, like a red jacks or like a pattern, like a white card. Yeah. Yeah. That
start. Yeah. That makes sense. That start, that start, that start. There you go. Yeah. That much
easier. So I realized I was like making the case for the like old way of thinking and you've convinced
me, which is not hard to do, that it really is just all better. Like we didn't need to know all
that stuff and people who think it's more secure to set up their VPCs and to run these old things
on Docker containers or EC2 images. Like imagine right now there are people. Lots of them that are
managing their Docker installations on raw EC2 and running containers in their little EC2 instances
inside of some VPC and manually like configuring their load balancers and doing all this stuff.
And like, that's just a lot of stuff you don't have to do anymore. And people are going to keep
building that way for another decade. It saddens me. You know who is doing that up until very
recently, Frank at our company. Oh, really? Okay. Well, there you go. Actually, I don't remember
exactly to set up, but like for any other tool, I know, if you even were, we're still doing that
stuff, our like our CI process was running on containers and EC2, I think you just moved it all
the way. You weren't even using like one of the managed container services. You were using like,
like you were installing Docker on EC2, like a custom AMI and you're like building up your EC2
instances. Yeah. Wow. But here's the thing though. It's at the limits that problems show up,
which is why we were doing this. So for a CI tool, it actually really matters a lot how fast your
container starts up because it's a CI service. Like you're going to start up containers whenever
people need to build. Yeah. So ECS for a while was not a good option because ECS took forever to boot
up, but they have this new thing called some kind of rum index. No, not rum into some kind of index
thing. You can like do this thing to your Docker image that makes it boot up way faster. So we
ended up moving to ECS and it actually shaved like two or $3,000 off of our monthly bill.
Wow. Yeah. And we get almost the same performance and like a lot more flexibility. So yeah, it was
a good move. But again, like you talked about the other day, like this, there are some exceptions
to this stuff. Like a CI service is a great example of an exception. Again, I don't think anyone
should build a CI service anymore. Like GitHub actions exists. Like everyone just wants to use
that. Wait, are you building one right now? What would ask for this? We don't really
warning an existing business into a new UI like a new approach. So historically, there's been a
lot of CI services. And at some point, GitHub actions came out and it's like, duh, you want
your CI servers right next to your code. Like, obviously, that's a much better setup. And there's
just a million undifferentiated parts of CI like environment variables, like custom scripts,
like setting up steps, like installing a version of Pnpm you want. There's like a just like an
infinite list of just stuff that is just not fun about running a CI service. Yep.
So our thinking now is we probably still will have like an extremely minimal if you just want to
stand alone, get, connect, deploy, very minimal, not very customizable. But we're also going to make
it so our CI servers can just be a step inside your actual CI service. So for using GitHub actions,
you can do like SSC cloud deploy or whatever. And that'll deploy using like a really optimized
builder on our end. So that way, we don't have to like rebuild all of CI and all the boring
parts for like the one little differentiator that it's just like an adapter for GitHub actions.
Yeah, it's like a step. It's like a step in GitHub actions.
Yeah, I really, I want the CI stuff built into console. I just want everything you guys do in
seed in the new modern hot tool, because I mean, I don't mind having both of them open, it's fine.
But the new one looks nice.
Nice to have it on one place. Yeah, we definitely need CI. It's a funny thing where like, you know,
we had seed for a while and we were like, this is like not really a great business.
And we were like, okay, we probably won't need to be in it anymore.
Then I posted that question where I was like, everyone says Vercel has great, sorry, everyone
says triangle company has great, great, great DX. And I was like, what are you guys referring
to when you say that? Every single response, the only response that I got really was
the CI, how easy it was to connect with GitHub and get into production.
So like, oh, every single tool today, like I don't understand how that's like the level
bar for developer experience. Like I can connect my GitHub and it just deploys.
Yeah, you can do that to like 15 different services. That's like pretty table stakes at this point,
isn't it? But that's what we learned. We're like, you would say, that's only been knows.
And that's what I want to know. Like when people are like, oh, I can't give up the
Vercel developer experience to like run my own stuff, like what is the thing you can't give up?
I don't understand. I haven't thought about CI and I don't remember five years.
Yeah. I mean, they might just be comparing it to like the worst version of it.
Because like imagine, yeah, people use code pipeline.
Yeah. All right. Imagine just like getting an SSL certificate working.
So that's another thing. I saw Theo tweeted this the other day about how things he hasn't had to
think about since he started using Vercel. I might think about SSL certificate in like 10 years.
I don't even remember the last time. And I used to configure them manually, but we haven't had
to do that for so long. And I don't use Vercel. I do, but yeah, the point is it's easy.
Like a lot of different people have made all of those things pretty invisible at this point.
But like in your head, if you're not aware of that, you're probably comparing it to like
going to some like SSL website and like buying. Yeah, like did you search? I mean, I did the same
back in the day. And then like, oh, it's going to expire. Does anybody have the credentials to
did you search? Oh, shoot, we're screwed. Yeah. I remember those days. Yeah. That's been a long
time ago. And then even then like setting up the, was it open SSL? What was it called? What's the
thing we all use now? I think we use now. I've been so detached from this. I don't even know.
I mean, I just use ACM. I just use I'm an AWS. There was a step in between that made SL
certificates free and widely available. And I'm totally blanking. Yeah, I'm blanking on it too.
I forgot what I want to sell. No, it's a the name of it. It's going to drive you crazy. It's like
free. No, open. Hang on. Let's just go to a website and it's going to be like what they used.
Let's encrypt. Let's encrypt. There it is. There we go. All right. We used to run like
Let's Encrypt services in our Kubernetes cluster and that handled it. And that was like much better
than the previous step, but also it's still kind of sucked. So I can see how if you don't know,
one, if you don't even know how this stuff works, or if you're like perception of the
alternative is like one of the options we just talked about. Yeah, when the old ways. Yeah,
I can see that. But yeah, the get push deploy. That is whether or not it's like truly useful
or like truly like a killer feature. It is something that's six in people's heads. And I
guess it's because it's like their first that your first interaction with the service is usually
getting a deploy for the first time. So I guess that's why it's six in people's heads.
Yeah. So yeah, we realize, okay, we can't skip CI that we need to need to have that. It is an
important part. It's table six. I want you to figure out how to use the cloud front blue green
deployments, because it feels bad to make big changes to our distro when at the levels of traffic
we have constantly flowing in. I would love to be able to put them in a blue green deployment
and cloud front, which is like a feature in cloud front now. And if you've seen this,
you basically create like a, yeah, it's a feature in cloud front. And like, it's basically it creates
like a second, like a shadow distribution that you can configure however you want. And you can,
you can transition traffic to it, like 10%, 15, you can have it all the time. Yeah, yeah,
it's, it's pretty great. That's really great. Yeah. I don't know how exactly we'll want to like
figure it out. Yeah, figure it out, because I would love to build like AB tests or not AB tests,
but just like send slivers of traffic to a little, for instance, this, the latest SSC stuff,
what's now been weeks ago that you guys, it was merged in. It's pretty big sweeping changes to
the distro, like to the behaviors and everything. And it's scary to just like flip the switch and
send that to everybody. Yeah. It'd be nice to be like, here's 10% of the traffic. And it's like a
feature that's built in. I don't know how it would work from like a infrastructure's code standpoint,
like a custom resource that just like, I don't know, you could configure it to like slowly fade it
or something. I don't know. That's for you smart people to figure out. Yeah, we are looking at that.
Yeah, it's funny because we've been, yeah, we were talking with a team yesterday and
I feel like we've had so much clarity now that we just haven't had, because one of you do, when
you're like starting a company, it's just all lack of clarity. You're like, yeah, here's a thousand
things we can do, a thousand directions we can go and a thousand unsolved things. Like, what the
hell do we focus on? And for a while, we were stuck on this problem of like, what is a default
project? Like, what is a default SSC product? What does it look like? Like, what are good practices?
What's like the framework part of it? Like, how does it work? And it was so hard for us to like
draw an opinion on this because so many, so many different setups, so many like, everyone had
different ways they wanted to do things. And it was so hard to like, do one setup that worked for
everyone. But now that we have this deployment story around these frameworks, like, Ashrow,
remakes, actually, as whatever, we like realized that it's, that's no longer our problem.
Like, we just support the framework itself really well. Everything you need to do in production
with the framework. Yeah, we don't have to worry about like the design of the framework.
Someone's already decided that they like this framework and then I use it. We just got to make
sure it deploys really well. Yeah. And initially, I was like really thinking narrowly of like,
Oh, that's just these quote unquote front end frameworks. But now they deploy so well that like,
I can actually see myself using all the backend features of it as well. Yeah. And there's all
these other frameworks that exist outside of this like front end framework zone, like even just
express or like, fascify or like, Oh no. Yeah, what's like, nest? People always talk about nest.
I don't like that. Okay. That's another example. I just I've seen people say it.
Yeah, exactly. Like you mean, it's like we can just focus on figuring out going step by step
with to each of those frameworks and figuring out here's the right way to deploy it. And that
makes our job so much more narrow and clear. And it also expands our we don't have to convince
anyone of anything, like whatever you choose to already use, we can just help you deploy.
Can I throw more names out there and just see if you've necessarily,
viscerally react to them as well. Yeah, Redwood JS. Yeah, we talked about Redwood as well.
Okay, it's good support. So that's a good one. I've been like really used it. So I don't know.
Okay. A donus? A donus? Yeah, I think the problem that donus is it's very geared towards, I don't
know how well it can be deployed as a serverless thing. You can use our container option. That's
the thing. That's the big thing, right? People want to keep using their 15 year old frameworks,
which I get it's mature, but they just accept that their infrastructure is also going to be 15
years old forever. Yeah, it's never going to be taking advantage. It's all worth it, right? I
always ask this question to you. But like, I just start questioning my own conviction when
everybody's like, what do I care if it's serverless? Well, like, they're it's all worth it, right?
All this stuff. I think so. I mean, we're using it at scale and it's great.
Yeah, I don't know. I don't at this point. I don't. I know it's worth it.
I just need to stop trying to convince people. I don't need to. Like, that's not my job.
Yeah. I mean, we literally see every single day, thousands of companies, like real companies
making money. Yeah. We lit like the SRT team literally sees that every single day. Even then,
it's like not enough to not have like a doubt in my head, you know?
Yeah. It's just funny. Like, if you get on Twitter, you'd think like AWS is this very obscure
arcane technology that nobody uses. But I remember at TwitchCon, of all places, TwitchCon,
sitting around with all these people that you see on Twitter, and they're all talking about AWS.
Like, they're literally all like, oh, yeah, our SQS Q got backed up and then we had it.
It's like, I forget that all these people with their jobs at these fan companies,
they use AWS. Like everybody uses AWS. It's so dumb.
Yeah. They have a million customers. That's a lot of customers.
It's a lot of customers. Yeah. Okay. I want to stop trying to convince people of it.
What about like, no, that's the same problem. Never mind. I'm going to go into it. I was going
to say Laravel. Laravel deploys in a serverless way. Yeah. Do you guys think about Laravel?
Do you guys think about like, or do they just have their own products?
Okay. So our dream is that there is an SST config in every single project, no matter what it is.
So today, it's reasonable to see an SST config inside an Azure project, inside a next JS project,
dreaming project. We want to, the next step is to then like,
support like the more back-end frameworks of JavaScript, like HONO Express, Fastify,
like get it. That's like, obviously very adjacent. And the next step is to say,
oh, that Go framework that you're all using, we deploy that too.
Or like this Python framework you're using, we deploy too. Rust framework is exactly.
And then eventually that gets to things like Laravel and all of that. So I think the root idea is
managed services are just going to continue to grow and use, even if your framework is very
capable. And you always need to glue that together somewhere. And I think that SST config file
could be that place. That just made me realize I haven't ever asked you.
And maybe I don't know if you don't want to share it, don't share it. But are most of your customers,
or most of the SST users, like doing the drop-in thing within an existing project,
or are they building their project from start with SST, like the SST monorepo style?
I have no idea. Yeah, I guess how would you know?
Well, yeah. This is like a weird blind spot for us because we don't track our create SST.
Yeah. So it'd only be off like just anecdotally seeing the support stuff and looking at people's
projects. I think support-wise, we're seeing a lot of drop-in stuff. And I think, realistically,
that is the future. We need to be as light as possible. Actual companies have actual projects
already. Yeah, exactly. They need to be able to drop it in. It's not all green field projects.
Yeah. And especially the next version of SST will not be built on CDK. So that just opens up.
Oh, for real, that's actually happening. Oh, yeah, for sure.
Like, what does that look like? It's going to be Terraform? No.
Or something? Like it? No? What?
It's going to be Terraform. Are you doing your own thing? No, not doing your own thing.
No. What are you? What is it going to be? Do you not want to say right now?
Well, I mean, I think there's only one. I've eliminated all the-
Wait, you have Pulumi? Yeah.
For real. I don't know anything about the inner- I can. I mean,
that's the next thing I would have guessed. Okay, so we haven't made any firm decisions yet,
but if I have to say where I'm leaning, it's definitely that way.
Yeah. Reason being, we've all heard of Pulumi, but no one's actually tried it.
I've never used it, right? If you've tried it, we've barely tried it.
And do you know why this is the case? Here's my theory.
Not enough dev rails.
No. Weirdly, that's just a problem. No, sorry, that's never the problem.
That's the opposite of what I mean.
Why is nobody tried it? Yeah, go ahead.
Because from the moment you try to use it,
it feels like a paid product. Oh, interesting.
Every step of the way, you go to their set, you go to their docs,
you run your first command, the CLI, they ask you to put it in your email and sign up and make a password.
Ah. So I think they have, I mean, they've been around from before CDK.
Yeah. They've been around for a long time.
Can I tell you why I don't use it? Why? I just don't like the name.
I really just don't like the name. That's it. That's funny.
So it does, can you just tell me enough about the inner workings?
It's like Terraform and that they just make direct SDK calls, right?
It's like, yes, it's like Terraform and that it can coordinate anything.
But it's like CDK and that it's like a programming language base.
You define this stuff using a programming language.
Yeah. Does it compile the types or to not compile, but does it turn into cloud formation?
No, it doesn't. It doesn't. No. Interesting.
So we bypass the cloud formation, change that hell.
Yeah, exactly. So with my experience of using CDK,
there were a whole set of issues that I bring up all the time.
There was a subset of those issues where I'm like, okay, this sucks.
But I also see why CDK did it this way.
Yeah. I was like, okay, I can be reasonable there.
Then I went and tried Pulumi and I was like, oh, never mind.
There was a good solution to literally all of these things.
It is such a good product. It is really insane. I mean, I think the level that I appreciate it
is because I know some of these inner work that we're like, oh, yeah.
There were things that I perceived as really hard to solve that they solved elegantly.
There were things that I wish that someone would do it a certain way.
It turns out they did it that way. It allows for some really crazy things.
And this is a really stupid example, but this example demonstrates why it's like the
best infrastructure is code tool. But before you give that example,
yeah, we're going to take a break because I have to pee.
Oh, okay. Come right back.
Nice. And I just seem like a good cliffhanger.
That's a very good cliffhanger. Good job.
Okay. I'm very curious. Continue.
So here's a really stupid example.
Let's say you want to create an S3 bucket and then based off of the generated ARN,
you want to create a Lambda function for each letter in the ARN function for each letter in the ARN.
Okay. So really obviously contrived, stupid example, but yeah, you could never do this
in any of the traditional IAC solutions because all of them are built on this idea of you need
to be able to synthesize a plan ahead of time and the plan is executed.
So in the CK cases, confirmation, but you can't know the plan ahead of time because
that ARN might be generated by like during the process of, yep, of synthesis of actually deploying.
So then you've got custom resources and all this hell.
All this hell, exactly.
Yeah.
To like make up for the fact that you need to do something based off of what might happen.
But Pulumi's approach is like, we're going to give up the idea of a plan.
So the downside is so they still have the concept of a plan.
Can you roll back?
Yeah, you can always fix things, but yeah, they sell the concept of a plan.
But if you're doing something like this, it's not going to be able to tell you exactly what's
going to happen. It's going to only be able to tell you like as much as it knows.
But it effectively creates like this.
I mean, the technical term is a dag.
Like there's a graph of actions that need to happen and based off of an action,
completing other actions happen.
And it can execute that whole thing.
And at the end, you'll get the right results, but you don't know determinants.
I don't want to say deterministically, like you don't know.
Yeah, exact details of what's going to happen.
So there's all kinds of scenarios.
This unlocks, like deploy this.
If that ends up creating this other thing, then build your front end.
And then once you've built your front end, analyze and metadata to figure out what routes
you need to deploy and update your cloud front behavior.
You can do these really complex series of actions.
And it's really beautiful and elegant.
And it solves so like every single hack that we have, that fundamental problem,
if you solve it, it gets rid of.
So I was really excited when I saw that.
This is, yeah, it's high praise.
I mean, like if anybody knows what would make IAC frameworks good, it would be you.
And I feel like that's like you being impressed by something.
That's, that's a good.
What's the word I'm looking for?
No, hang on.
That's a good testimonial.
No signal signal.
Thank you.
That's the word.
It's a good signal, but it's funny because they don't need my signal.
Because who's a CTO of Pulumi?
Do you know?
I have no idea.
Co-founder of TypeScript.
So it's not.
What?
It's not so, yeah, it's like, how do I not know this?
I didn't know this.
So it's not surprising at all, right?
Yeah.
So are they, are they doing well as a business?
Because like you're not surprised.
Okay, so as a business, I think what they're doing makes sense for them,
which is they are head-to-head focused on Terraform.
Any place in the world that's deciding on Terraform, they want to get in there
and they want to be an alternative to Terraform.
So they are just in that world of DevOps people that like are really into
infrastructure as code, people like big companies that like, you know,
are making decisions around this thing.
But they're not in the business of bringing infrastructure to code to people
that don't already know about it, right?
They're like just trying to, Terraform established a market.
They're trying to now like fight with them for it.
That market share.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
But the average person that's not already using infrastructure as code,
they're never, they're not being marketed to by Pulumi.
They're, they're like, no, on a ramp for Pulumi.
You have to like already be an infrastructure as code person.
So that's where I'm like a little bit interested.
Cause I'm like, we definitely focus more on that kind of person,
where we trick them into using infrastructure as code,
because it promises other things.
But we think we can like take their stuff and hide it a little bit and like,
kind of build on top of it and use it as a primitive and get to like a really
high quality product.
So that's like, like right around in my head as a thing.
And I think realistically we'll support that as like part of what SSC is today.
So you can like have Pulumi stuff side by side, you're using stuff.
Okay.
Yeah, and that'll enable us to do so many things.
Like we love working with other projects.
I love working with the Astro team and the remix team and all of that.
And this lets us now work with the planet skit with like a planet scale or with
clerk or with whatever all these other managers services.
We can coordinate that stuff as well.
So I was going to ask like the migration paths,
because it sounded like this would be a huge lift.
If it's like a big rewrite to use Pulumi, but it's going to be like an incremental thing.
Like yeah, it could be.
Like I said, we haven't even decided whether we're going to use Pulumi.
It's just my initial research has me pretty excited.
And yeah, so I think we don't know what that'll look like.
Realistically, I think the simplest thing we can do is start to let you spin up
non-AWS stuff and have all that be powered by Pulumi.
And then we can kind of take it from there.
There's lots of that simplified like the import stuff like importing existing resources.
Like that is so much easier.
So a migration path for our existing resources could could be done.
Yeah.
So it's a fantastic tool, just it has less downloads in CDK.
Yeah, it's a shame.
It's like it definitely deserves more attention than it gets.
CDK definitely markets to people who aren't infrastructure as code people, right?
Like they want to be like, this is your first experience with
infrastructure as code.
Don't think stuff on AWS.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
So it just, even myself, I had to bias against them for a while,
just like for no reason.
Because it just seems, it just seems, I don't like the name.
I don't know.
But I like the more now that I know it's a good product.
That's cool.
Yeah, I like, I looked at it and something about it felt so like not open source.
Like Terraform feels so much and ironically, it ended up being not true.
Terraform feels like such an open source primitive thing.
Yeah.
Until they like changed that, but.
Until they weren't.
Yeah.
Whereas Pulumi from the beginning, they're like,
try to get you into there, like use our cloud service to store your state and like
kind of all that stuff.
So yeah, it doesn't feel like you're using an open source thing.
And then later, you're optionally upgrading to their service.
So I think that that's a good positioning thing that I think prevents them from getting
much, much bigger.
Interesting.
Well, I'm very excited to see all that shake out.
I just, I love SSC.
So if it gets better and faster and that can incorporate with outside services.
And it's so fast.
I can.
Pulumi is so fast.
Yeah.
I mean, you're getting rid of cloud formation like there you go.
Like that, I think that example, the bucket example I gave, I think I did.
I think I was doing.
Create one bucket and create another bucket for each letter in the ARN.
Yeah.
I think it deployed in like under 10 seconds or something.
It was something.
Cause SDK AWS SDK calls are fast for a lot of things.
Oh, yeah.
They are.
Yeah.
It's always amazing when you use like the CLI and you do something and you're like,
wait a minute, did you do it?
Or is that just like it started the process?
And now it's going to take a lot.
Yeah.
It's funny because some things in AWS are like,
stupid, fast.
I can't think of an example right now, but like cloud front.
Yeah.
Disturbation.
No, that was a joke.
The opposite of that.
But like spending a new SQS Q or tearing one down.
Yeah.
It's like less than a second or something.
But then other trivial things like updating an API route, an API gateway takes.
To forever.
Yeah.
I did that thing.
That was fun.
Cause I did the thing where I said something with confidence and it kind of fooled you for a second.
I want to do that.
Yeah.
Well, at first, I wasn't sure if you misunderstood me and your math.
Cloud front is fast.
Yeah.
I thought you were talking about the service being fast.
But like updating a cloud front is 30 minute validations.
Yeah.
So I don't want to get to in the weeds here because people don't care.
But I care.
Cloud formation claims they're slow because they give you all this safety,
this level of like, what's the word?
A Tomonicity or something?
I don't know.
Yeah.
They give you this like ability to roll back safely.
You're saying in Pulumi, you don't lose the ability to roll back safely.
So that claim has already been like, you can already be proved that it's not as intense as it
seems because Terraform has been around forever and Terraform is bigger than CDT.
Yeah, that's true.
It might even be bigger than CloudFormation.
And they don't do all that.
It's fine.
Yeah.
Everyone's fine.
Okay.
I think this stuff is more like, let's say you update an IM policy.
IM is global.
So CloudFormation under the hood, they might ping every single region
and wait for it to have replicated to every single region before they consider it done.
Oh, I see.
So imagine they're pinging every single region.
They're only pinging once every 30 seconds and they're getting rid of it.
Yeah.
So this can might end up cascading into something really slow.
So yeah, I feel like it just doesn't matter for most people.
I don't know why they optimize for that level of consistency.
But and they can never change, right?
CloudFormation is what it knows.
It's never going to change.
Yeah.
Suddenly twice as fast.
Yeah, it's not going to happen.
Unless they give you a toggle to be like you can deploy in fast mode or safe mode.
Mm.
Yeah.
And like do something wildly different.
Speed.
Yeah.
How did we just spend the whole time?
We've been like talking for an hour about all this AWS stuff.
That's not normal for us.
It's not normal.
But I mean, I guess it used to be.
It used to be.
Yeah.
I see.
Well, talk.
Okay.
It's shifting topics.
You're tweeting about there.
You're going to try not being a jerk anymore on Twitter.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Someone replied being like, hey,
that's FM Adam hit different.
And I'm like, that is really funny.
Oh, yeah, it was very different.
I feel like my Twitter.
I've always sounded like a jerk in writing versus like,
if you meet me in person, like I'm a Midwesterner.
I'm pretty like low conflict.
IQ.
I wasn't going to say IQ.
But I'm not like an intimidating person.
I'm not like, I'm not a jerk.
I'm really not.
But in writing, for some reason,
I always kind of sound like a jerk.
But I feel like over the last year,
I've definitely turned into more of a jerk on the internet.
And I blame you.
I really do.
I started, I started lower casing my tweets just like you.
I stopped using punctuation.
I just looked like a jerk down.
Yeah.
So I'm on reply being like, I don't know.
I thought Adam was nice, but I only have Dax to compare.
So you're nice by comparison.
OK, here's the thing.
I'm not absorbing us at all, but I got to be honest.
Like it is kind of hard to be public and like just constantly
get the kind of replies that we get like every single day.
Yeah.
It definitely has a long term impact to some degree.
It probably does.
And I feel like I care less about what people think
than the average person.
Yeah, even then it's just annoying.
But it's just annoying.
It just like annoys me how many people can have the same bad take.
Not that they're, I don't know.
They could say I have the bad take.
But like so one and four.
It's not even the bad take.
It's like a lot of times they, the thing that is annoying for me
is they read the worst possible interpretation
or the stupidest possible interpretation of what I said.
And reply to that.
And I'm just like, that's just as annoying.
That's what makes me think that everyone's stupid.
Like anytime I see that, I'm like, you're an idiot.
But that's your way of perceiving the world.
Like try to find a dumbest angle of what everyone's saying.
Like that's yeah, you know, over time that just impacts you to some degree.
And I feel like I've dealt with it better at different times in my life.
You know, you know who doesn't get these kind of responses though?
There's people who just post like JavaScript tips and stuff.
That's not true.
Should we just do that?
Is it because we're making claims?
I'm going to stop making claims, I think.
I think it just gets in people's, they get like really irritated
when you make a claim of any kind, like that you know something.
If you're like, I know a thing and you should know it too.
People just get real pissed real fast.
So should we stop doing that?
You're not going to stop doing that.
You're good at it.
And you actually have good things to say.
I'm probably going to stop.
I mean, it's unfortunately, it's just the small minority ruining it for everyone else.
Because let's say I post a tweet.
Let's say he gets like 300 likes.
It probably will have like one or two annoying comments.
That's one or two annoying people of 300 people that
saw the purpose of it.
Oh, that's a good point.
I didn't think about the actual likes, meaning anything.
Yeah, that's a good point.
So it's just a small group of annoying people.
But how can everyone try to be less annoying?
I mean, me too.
I need to be less annoying.
I didn't, but I brought a tweet just the other day.
That I wasn't trying to be abrasive or anything.
I was literally, I was just stating what I feel is a fact.
And the amount of people that think I was doing it for bait.
I've never written a tweet to like bait people.
I don't even know what that means.
Why would I write a tweet to like make people angry?
I don't do that.
I write tweets that express what I think or feel.
And I generally think I'm right as one does.
That doesn't mean I want you to get angry and reply to it.
Like what is that?
Why would I do that?
I don't understand.
I think people confuse the idea of something being provocative and making you think with
something they kind of classify as bait, especially if they don't like it.
But you cannot agree, but it's still provocative.
They cannot agree.
Yeah.
And I don't mind the debates when they're intelligent and not just like,
well, you're just a shit fluency or whatever they want to call you.
Like you're just trying to farm that X money.
Yeah, because we make a lot of money on X.
Do we stop that narrative too?
That's so funny.
Nobody's making a lot of money on X.
It's just so dumb.
And less and less every time, every time my payments have gone down.
Nobody is writing like engagement bait so they can get a check from Twitter.
I promise you.
Well, maybe like the people who have like 20 million followers, maybe they do.
But I promise you, nobody here is able to buy their coffee with their X.
Whatever.
I know.
Yeah, it just doesn't.
It's nice.
It's a nice little thing that shows up, but it really hasn't had zero impact on anything that I do.
Exactly.
If anything, if it had an impact, it's like gone.
I think it had an impact for like two weeks.
And then people were like, yeah, okay.
My favorite thing is I definitely love in terms of there are some annoying replies that it loves.
I will say.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I love when someone explains something to me that is like my main area of expertise.
Like if someone explains to me how like infrastructure is code worked,
like that happens all the time, which I love because I'm just like, this is so good.
Yeah.
Because like it's such an example of someone being so in the wrong and so indisputable.
And whenever I see this, I love that.
Okay.
Yeah.
You see what I have with other people too.
When it's when I know how wrong they are, it is kind of fun.
Yeah.
Like the other day, I forgot who someone from the React team posted on Hacker News,
like in a comment.
And someone was like trying to explain how React worked to them.
Yeah.
And I was like, I love, I love when this happened.
It's like the best thing ever.
Because like that person, it doesn't matter what the details are.
Like when they realize they just know they fucked up.
So yeah, I love those.
There's lots of those like people will screenshot when somebody like tries to
explain something to like the creator of a thing.
I may have read my DMs.
I'm sorry.
I just, I started responding to a DM over podcast.
What does this become?
I need to become a, I need to get professional around here.
This is a, I'm just getting sloppy.
I don't think it's about professionalism.
I think we're all of our brains are just.
They're writing distracted.
In our ability to say focus.
It's really true.
But it's going to get better.
This podcast is about tomorrow and about how things are.
We got, we got 30 more episodes until we hit 100.
Then we give up.
Will it be like my dual lingo streak?
Did I tell you at 100 day streak?
I stopped.
So it's so you, you like just get to a place that is impressive.
And then it just turns off over.
Yeah, but not even impressive.
Like people have like 1500 day streets on dual lingo.
I get to a place that's like the first milestone you could possibly hit.
And then I'm like, well, I did that thing.
Okay.
But here's the thing for most people, I think it's like,
because it's not like you stopped three days in.
You stopped 100 days.
Oh sure.
And it's kind of like for most people, it's like,
well, if I put in all this work, I'm just going to keep continuing it.
But then you just, you just abandon.
You just don't care.
I do.
I just abandon.
But you put in three months.
You put in the average abandoner, but then you still abandon, you know.
Yeah.
No, I do, I do things in three months stints.
It gets three months of my attention.
And then, but look, the podcast, we've been going for a year.
So this is not, this is not dying at 100 episodes.
That's true.
But what I was trying to say is we've got 30 more episodes to get,
you know, good at this stuff.
Like professional.
So we have to be good by 100.
Yeah, we really need to do like some segments or something.
I had some ideas, we could just use chat GPT to get those ideas, right?
I don't know.
I had some like, I thought of a segment.
What's more likely, like two different, like we have to come with some of these
and we do them to each other, like which of these two events,
and they can be totally off the wall and crazy and neither is going to ever happen
or they can be realistic scenarios, but which is more likely to happen.
That'd be fun.
That's cool.
Where'd you get that idea from?
Another podcast.
That's okay.
That was what I was asking was, is this a validated idea?
And it sounds like it is.
Oh, yeah.
No, it is.
They've been doing it for years on this podcast.
It's not related to tech at all.
But that's a good one.
Yeah.
Have you tried the speech mode in chat GPT, the app on your phone?
Yes.
It's so good.
I feel like I'm in the future.
Like the voice is so good.
And because like, chat GPT is so good at speaking, it's.
Yeah.
I really feel like like it felt magical.
I know we're getting there.
The AI stuff is more impressive all the time.
As far as like hype cycles go, this is the first thing that I feel like is actually transformative.
I mean, like people didn't call the mobile revolution a hype cycle, right?
Like everybody switched to phones.
That wasn't a hype cycle, right?
It didn't get puffed up too early.
Is it possible AI is just the next big thing?
Well, I don't remember the phone thing.
I think the phone thing was funny because like nobody thought it was going to be big.
Like nobody thought it was going to be big and it's going to be bigger and bigger.
And I guess it was it before all these networks where no one was able to talk about it.
Yeah, maybe.
Maybe like it was hard to get a hype cycle going.
Yeah.
We had to put it in the newspaper.
Compact Prosarios.
Yeah.
Like Twitter didn't exist.
Yeah, no.
Well, there's something else that GPT, OpenAI did the combined GPT format.
Did you see that?
Yeah, I mean using that.
Yeah, like it's got all of it built in.
You just like, you can just use the one thing.
Pretty cool.
One of my favorite things I like doing is like jailbreaking chat.
It's easy.
Like it's so fun when I like coerce it into doing something it doesn't it doesn't want to.
Like it's like find different angles to like trick it.
I've seen lots of these two examples on the internet.
That's so something you would do.
I keep trying to like give it pictures of me and Liz
and asking it to do like funny things with them and it just refuses.
But you can always get around it.
You spend like five minutes.
You can do it.
You can always trick it.
Okay, fine.
Well, it's never like that.
It's always like it like realizes that it should be doing it.
It's always like it's always like, sorry, you can't do this.
Sorry, can't do this.
And it's like, oh, okay.
What once you break through?
Yeah, of course.
Of course.
In that case.
Yeah.
Very excited to use the voice thing more.
I'm going to play with that more.
I usually try that prompt where you ask it to help you flesh out a story.
Don't give you any suggestions.
Just just help you like work through creating a plot and.
Oh, I've not heard of this.
I'll send you the problem.
So I mean, you go for walks.
So that's actually what they recommended.
They said turn on voice mode.
Put it in your AirPods and then ask it to help you flesh out a story.
And you can just talk back and forth with it.
And then it'll like, you know, you'll do like this whole narrative with it.
And it's pretty fun.
That sounds entertaining.
Yeah.
Your video is off again.
So like, I can't see your facial expressions with your words.
Sounds like a problem.
It probably is a new problem.
What is a me problem is it's over an hour and I do need to get off here.
Yeah.
That made me sound like I'm the busy pretentious one.
I'm not any more busy than you.
So I think I think you're the approach of saying you need to pee whether or not.
It's true.
I think that's a good approach.
Oh, no, I don't.
That's incredible.
You're saying I should, yeah, oh, I got to pee again.
Yeah.
And people will know it's only 15 minutes and they'll like call my doctor.
I feel like I've seen you pee.
You need to pee twice within an hour at least.
Definitely happened.
If there's caffeine involved, like you reinvent.
Yeah, you would have seen that.
Okay.
All right.
It's been good.
Thanks.
See you.
[Music]